Hey, friend, welcome back.
So now we're going to do is move on to styling these widgets here you'll see them that these are all
the different elements or widgets that we want to be able to add via Alimentare.
Once we get there, we want to be able to add these.
So if we go down to our widgets, but you have to WordPress, we've got buttons, titles, links, info,
cards, calls to actions and testimonials, and we want to be able to have those styles appear when
we add them.
And these are our custom widgets, so we got to style those that markup.
We're going to tell the markup for those and we have a little page here just called widgets on HTML
and the final HTML code, and we're going to start those up.
Adam in here so that we can use them once we convert over to elementary.
And just as another reference here, like you might wonder, like, well, what about the contact page
or about this join page?
These are just shell pages.
We're going to create these HTML files, but we're going to be doing this within Gutenberg.
The copy and the text and the layout is all the same.
And just in Gutenberg, we want to be able to just add our content and it'll show up in our default
page templates.
But for now, let's get into these widgets.
We might need to separate this into a few videos.
So it's not to too long, but we'll see as we go.
So in your code editor, we're going to create a new file called widgets that each HTML.
And here it is in our B2 W2 student widgets that each HTML.
And the same goes here, my friend, with all of the markup in the the the code.
Rather, you need to copy all the kind of initial code here.
So let's get that skeleton put in place.
We're going to do grab the heading tag, all that sort of stuff.
We're going to go down and we're going to copy the footer as well and paste that in there.
Well, I just noticed something.
Actually, you know what we need out of body tag, of course, but see how there's a closing body take
care and one down here.
That's a big problem.
So I need to get rid of this body tag and that's where it closes there.
But I realize that we actually did it in our single that HTML.
I think we have two body tags, so we've got to get rid of the look there in there.
That's a problem.
So get rid of this other one before the footer tag, and that is the proper closing body tag right there.
So just a little update on the last video.
Let's go back to our we just study HTML.
So body tag opening, closing there.
All right.
Now what we need to do is we need to grab all of the top navigation stuff and the hero heterosexual
mobile menu, title banner and subscriber copy that that entire bit of code pasted in your widget that
age HTML.
And then finally, what we should do is a couple of things we need to also copy the content area container
div row.
We're not going to copy the columns.
Because really, this is just for styling, this is not a template, the widgets like page, we're not
going to use this as an actual page.
It's just a way for us to see what we're going to style.
So we need to close that row row div.
We need to close that container div and we need to close that content area div.
We're going to clean that up.
There we go.
And what we're going to do is inside of row have a div the class of called smashed 12 and then in there
we want a dev of the class of title dash wrapper.
And inside title rapper, we want a paragraph, the class of sub Dash title.
This is a subtitle or eyebrow.
And then we want a level two heading.
Title here.
Right now, let's just save that and see what we can see.
Make sure you're buying widgets that age HTML.
Here we go.
So we've got our shell.
And we got this is the subtitle Her Eyebrow and a title here, so this is where we would start styling.
So we'll get started.
We do need to style this up.
The title rapper.
So let's go to our style.
Let's see us.
And we're going to add a section here, maybe somewhere near the bottom.
And we're just going to have like a new comment, and we're going to call this element or widgets styles.
And let's start with the title dash wrapper and then subtitle.
Actually, it's sub Dash title.
And then let's say the font size.
We're going to say 0.8 REM font weight.
Let's go 700 and the color we want to be our VAR Dash or VAR.
Color pink, I believe we'll save that.
There we go.
It's not quite right.
It's a little bit too small, it's a better final version.
You can see it is a little bit different, so let's go back to our code.
Go font size, zero point nine RAM and we'll need to say text, transform uppercase.
Let's check it out now.
That's a little bit better, but not quite quite what we're going for.
Probably going to want to add some letter spacing, and let's just say like you can do a number of ways,
you can do any unit of measurement that you want, like you do a pixel.
You can do Ramsey.
You do point eight RAM.
That's going to be really big.
Let's do one pixel.
There you go.
You can see that.
So instead of one pixel, let's do like 0.9.
And it's very big.
Zero point zero two.
And let's go a little bit bigger.
Zero point zero five.
And 0.04.
Looks decent to me.
And maybe 0.95 Haram.
Perfect.
And the title, it looks pretty good to me, but let's just make sure that we got what we need.
I'm happy with that.
You know, I could make the level two heading a little bit larger.
So what if we went up to our global typography here instead of 2.5 or, say, 2.7 REM for the level
two heading?
And then we refresh now our level two headings are bigger, maybe even bigger.
2.8.
I'm happy with that size.
I just kind of think that maybe I change our mind here on the subtitle.
I don't want to text, transform uppercase and force it to be uppercase because I actually think that
we should have the option to not like if we want to make it uppercase, we could just type all caps
because this, you know, is an eyebrow convention here, eyebrow and header and kind of like this better.
And in fact, I like this style better than this one.
So maybe what?
We're going to do it well.
We'll copy this style.
We'll just make sure that it's matching so subtitle.
Font size 1.2, font 500.
OK, so let's actually change that, so font weighs me 500 font size is going to be 1.2 RAM.
No letter spacing at all.
Let's see what happens that that looks much better to me, actually.
And I want the ad to be a little bit tighter.
I don't want any margin on the subtitle.
So let's find I think I have a global subtitle style.
Let's do like a global subtitle style here.
Let's see if we can change that subtitle.
Margin zero.
Let's see what that does.
All right, so every subtitle on the site, this one, this one and this one got rid of the margin and
actually like that spacing much better, it's much tighter, not too tight, but it looks much better.
OK, that style.
That's it for that style.
These so we'll get to these right now back in the code editor.